Xiaoli
Miss your legs
I'm fine with your legs.
Interrupted by everyone
I'm still holding on
It's okay, miss, I'll take you out.
Miss, hurry back
Don't go to your mother again
He has now completely regarded Song Wu as his daughter
He won't trust you anymore.
Xiaoya, I'm not happy.
Xiaoya, leave the Sun family quickly
Sun Lianchun and Song
And that Sun Gui
They are three demons
Go away.
Don't come back.
No more ma'am
My parents are still sick
My brother still needs to go to school
I need money
Miss
I'll give you some more money.
You hurry up and take a taxi back to the hospital to see your legs
No, you must not be less
I've got to go.
You have to be careful
Xiaoya
Sister Zhang
It's me, why are you not sleeping in the middle of the night?
My stomach is a little uncomfortable
Go to the toilet
Then you go back to sleep.
You're from a creepy family